Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
    To document my answer to the question
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
    It seemed to document my response
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
    record it


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
    It has an additional line of code
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
    It will repeat my answer
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
    Yes


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
    Another line of code, seemingly describing a correct answer
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
    It creates multiple responses depending on the answer provided
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
    The are options set to a previous line
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
    It say the answer is wrong
What does this tell you about "color"?
    There is only one correct way of answering


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
    There is a correct answer with multiple options
What problem is this trying to solve? 
    That in the previous version red had to be capitalized
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
    It diagnosis it at incorrect


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
    To require the answer to be lower cased
What problem is it trying to solve? 
    The confusion on answeringn red or Red and simplifying the code
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
    It is incorrect


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
    There is .strip added to the imput section
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
    to not count spaces in the answer
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
    If you put spaces between each letter


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
    It now gives a clue if you answer pink
What is the purpose of line 11? 
    To ignore spacing and capitalization
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
    To establish the correct answer
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
    They are alternate routes based on answers
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
    The program would proceed properly and will disturb which may be considered the correct answer.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
    It is establishing the correct answer
What is the purpose of “count”? 
    To count the number of tries
What is happening on line 22? 
    Displaying the number of attempts
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
    Yes